[Service invocation] Quickstart doc (#2244)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/getting-started/quickstarts/serviceinvocation-quickstart.md

== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 2}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 3}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 4}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 5}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 6}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 7}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 8}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 9}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 10}
```

{{% /codetab %}}

 <!-- JavaScript -->
{{% codetab %}}

### Pre-requisites

For this example, you will need:

- [Dapr CLI and initialized environment](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started).
- [Latest Node.js installed](https://nodejs.org/en/download/).
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

### Step 1: Set up the environment

Clone the sample we've provided.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts.git
```

### Run `checkout` service

In a terminal window, navigate to the `checkout` directory.

```bash
cd service_invocation/javascript/http/checkout
```

Install the dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Run the `checkout` service alongside a Dapr sidecar.

```bash
dapr run  --app-id checkout --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3500 -- npm start
```

> In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which will specify the ID of the target service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which specifies the ID of the target service. 
```

== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 3}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 4}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 5}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 6}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 7}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 8}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 9}
== APP == Order received: {"orderId": 10}
```

{{% /codetab %}}

 <!-- .NET -->
{{% codetab %}}

### Pre-requisites

For this example, you will need:

- [Dapr CLI and initialized environment](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started).
- [.NET SDK or .NET 6 SDK installed](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download).
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

### Step 1: Set up the environment

Clone the sample we've provided.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts.git
```

### Run `checkout` service

In a terminal window, navigate to the `checkout` directory.

```bash
cd service_invocation/csharp/http/checkout
```

Install the dependencies:

```bash
dotnet restore
dotnet build
```

Run the `checkout` service alongside a Dapr sidecar.

```bash
dapr run  --app-id checkout --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3500 -- npm start
```

> In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which will specify the ID of the target service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which specifies the ID of the target service.
```

== APP == Order received: Order { OrderId: 8 }
== APP == Order received: Order { OrderId: 9 }
== APP == Order received: Order { OrderId: 10 }
```

{{% /codetab %}}

 <!-- Java -->
{{% codetab %}}

### Pre-requisites

For this example, you will need:

- [Dapr CLI and initialized environment](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started).
- Java JDK 11 (or greater):
  - [Oracle JDK](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html#JDK11), or
  - [OpenJDK](https://jdk.java.net/13/)
- [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html), version 3.x.
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

### Step 1: Set up the environment

Clone the sample we've provided.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts.git
```

### Run `checkout` service

In a terminal window, navigate to the `checkout` directory.

```bash
cd service_invocation/java/http/checkout
```

Install the dependencies:

```bash
mvn clean install
```

Run the `checkout` service alongside a Dapr sidecar.

```bash
dapr run --app-id checkout --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3500 -- java -jar target/CheckoutService-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar
```

> In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which will specify the ID of the target service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which specifies the ID of the target service.
```

== APP == Order passed: 8
== APP == Order passed: 9
== APP == Order passed: 10
```

`order-processor` service output:

```
== APP == Order received: 1
== APP == Order received: 2
== APP == Order received: 3
== APP == Order received: 4
== APP == Order received: 5
== APP == Order received: 6
== APP == Order received: 7
== APP == Order received: 8
== APP == Order received: 9
== APP == Order received: 10
```

{{% /codetab %}}

 <!-- Go -->
{{% codetab %}}

### Pre-requisites

For this example, you will need:

- [Dapr CLI and initialized environment](https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started).
- [Latest version of Go](https://go.dev/dl/).
- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop).

### Step 1: Set up the environment

Clone the sample we've provided.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts.git
```

### Run `checkout` service

In a terminal window, navigate to the `checkout` directory.

```bash
cd service_invocation/go/http/checkout
```

Install the dependencies:

```bash
go build app.go
```

Run the `checkout` service alongside a Dapr sidecar.

```bash
dapr run  --app-id checkout --app-protocol http --dapr-http-port 3500 -- go run app.go
```

> In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which will specify the ID of the target service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `checkout` service, you'll notice there's no need to rewrite your app code to use Dapr's service invocation. You can enable service invocation by simply adding the `dapr-app-id` header which specifies the ID of the target service.
```

<img src="/images/serviceinvocation-quickstart/service-invocation-overview.png" width=800 alt="Diagram showing the steps of service invocation" style="padding-bottom:25px;">

> Dapr offers several methods for service invocation, which you can choose depending on your individual scenario. For this quickstart, you'll enable the `checkout` service to invoke a method using HTTP proxy in the `order-processor` service.

Reviewer: Suggest removing "individual". Dapr offers several methods for service invocation, which you can choose depending on your scenario. For this quickstart, you'll enable the `checkout` service to invoke a method using HTTP proxy in the `order-processor` service.
